[MUSIC]
Congratulations.
You've done it.
You've now completed the introduction
to Data Driven Decision Making course.
In the specialization,
data analysis and presentation skills.
The PWC approach.
>> In this first course you took part in
a high level exploration in the field
of data and analytics.
You heard from some of our
PWC leaders in the area and
learned how they applied data and
analytics to solve real client issues.
>> Through a series of videos, readings,
assessments, a practice simulation,
and a course project, you explored key
topic areas in data and analytics.
In week one,
we discussed how organizations
used the data analytics
framework to solve problems.
You learned about the different
careers and roles in the field.
And you explored some of
the technology advancements
that are impacting how we capture and
use data.
>> In addition to being
an essential foundation,
the ability to capture insights and
express them with clarity to tell a story
is a real differentiator in people's
careers Week two focused on
the different types of data available
that are used to solve business problems.
You learned more about emerging trends and
data analytics, and explored
the differences between structured,
unstructured, and semi-structured data.
>> In week three,
we looked at how data is studied.
We talked about the different types of
analysis techniques you can perform.
We explored some of
the tools that are used,
like R, Python, Tableaux,
Click View, Excel, and SAS.
We also looked at visualizations
that help your data tell a story.
>> Then, once you've got the data,
you need to have the skills, tools, and
the ability to ask the right questions and
do something with it.
>> Finally, we gave you the opportunity
to show what you had learned through
an interactive simulation and
your course project.
You also had the chance to see what your
peers created with their projects and
to provide feedback.
>> We hope you found this course to be
an insightful introduction to data and
analytics.
We also hope that you continue
on with the full specialization.
Data analysis and
presentation skills the PWC approach,
where you'll have an opportunity to
further develop and apply data and
analytic skills to solve
business problems.
In upcoming courses we're going to
look at problem solving using Excel,
creating data visualization
with advanced Excel,
and creating effective business
presentations using PowerPoint.
Thank you for
joining us in the first course and
we hope to see you soon in future courses.
[SOUND]